README.md, before:

Crown Clothing
==============
![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/coreybailey07/crown-clothing)
![GitHub release (latest SemVer including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/coreybailey07/crown-clothing?include_prereleases)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/coreybailey07/crown-clothing)

[Crown Clothing](https://crown-corp.herokuapp.com/) is an exercise in building massive E-commerce application using React. 

## About

The Crown Clothing project touches on or uses the following technologies..
- React Router
- Redux
- Redux Saga
- Asynchronous Redux
- React Hooks
- Context API
- React Suspense + React Lazy
- Firebase
- Heroku
- Stripe API
- Styled-Components
- GraphQL
- Apollo
- PWA
- React Performance
- React Design Patterns
- Testing with Jest, Enzyme and Snapshot testing
- React Best Practices
- Persistance + Session Storage
- State Normalization





This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Commit message:

Add not about inital load time.

README.md, after:

Crown Clothing
==============
![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/coreybailey07/crown-clothing)
![GitHub release (latest SemVer including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/coreybailey07/crown-clothing?include_prereleases)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/coreybailey07/crown-clothing)

[Crown Clothing](https://crown-corp.herokuapp.com/) is an exercise in building massive E-commerce application using React.

## About

The Crown Clothing project touches on or uses the following technologies..
- React Router
- Redux
- Redux Saga
- Asynchronous Redux
- React Hooks
- Context API
- React Suspense + React Lazy
- Firebase
- Heroku
- Stripe API
- Styled-Components
- GraphQL
- Apollo
- PWA
- React Performance
- React Design Patterns
- Testing with Jest, Enzyme and Snapshot testing
- React Best Practices
- Persistance + Session Storage
- State Normalization


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

<p style="font-size:9px;font-style:italic;color:#EFEFEF">(Note: Crown Clothing is deployed on Heroku which puts apps to sleep after 30 minutes of inactivity... This impacts initial load time.)</p>
